2 new parameters (#810)
logzio/logz-docs: _source/logzio_collections/_log-sources/kubernetes.md

| max_retry_wait <span class="default-param">`30s`</span> | Maximum interval, in seconds, to wait between retries. |
| num_threads <span class="default-param">`2`</span> | Number of threads to flush the buffer. |
| INCLUDE_NAMESPACE | <span class="default-param">`""`(All namespaces)</span> | Sends logs from all namespaces by default. To send logs from specific k8s namespaces, specify them in the following format, space delimited: <br> `kubernetes.var.log.containers.**_<<NAMESPACE-TO-INCLUDE>>_** kubernetes.var.log.containers.**_<<ANOTHER-NAMESPACE>>_**`. |

> | KUBERNETES_VERIFY_SSL | <span class="default-param"> `true`</span> | validate SSL certificates. |
> | FLUENT_FILTER_KUBERNETES_URL | <span class="default-param"> `nil` </span> (doesn't appear in the pre-made Daemonset) | URL to the API server. Set this to retrieve further kubernetes metadata for logs from kubernetes API server. If not specified, environment variables `KUBERNETES_SERVICE_HOST` and `KUBERNETES_SERVICE_PORT` will be used if both are present which is typically true when running fluentd in a pod. <br> **Please note** that this parameter does NOT appear in the pre-made environment variable list in the Daemonset. If you wish to use & set this variable, you'll have to add it to the Daemonset's environment variables. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| KUBERNETES_VERIFY_SSL | <span class="default-param"> `true`</span> | Enable to validate SSL certificates. |
| FLUENT_FILTER_KUBERNETES_URL | <span class="default-param"> `null` </span>  | URL to the API server. This parameter isn't part of the default 
 Daemonset. Set it to retrieve further Kubernetes metadata for logs from the  Kubernetes API server.  |
 
If `FLUENT_FILTER_KUBERNETES_URL` is not specified, the environment variables `KUBERNETES_SERVICE_HOST` and `KUBERNETES_SERVICE_PORT` will be used, as long as both of them are  present. Typically, they are present when running Fluentd in a pod. 

Note that `FLUENT_FILTER_KUBERNETES_URL` does not appear in the default environment variable list in the Daemonset. If you wish to use this variable, you'll have to add it manually to the Daemonset's environment variables.
```
